= Surrey Rubyists Coding Competition: Hangman

== Player Class

All you need to do is create a single file and implements a hangman player with the below methods. 

You should place your player file inside the "players" folder within the hangman game folder.

Your class name must end with "Player" for it to be loaded by the game framework! Please try to make your class 
and file name unique in some way (with your team name for example) to avoid clashes with other players.

  # ./players/my_awesome_super_duper_hangman_player.rb
  class MyAwesomeSuperDuperHangmanPlayer
    def name
      # Return the name of your player (string)
    end

    def new_game(dictionary)
      # A new game has started, do any clean up from a previous game and initialise for this one. 
      # The dictionary that was used to select words to generate the phrase to guess is passed in as a string array: ["apple", "bear", "cat"]
    end

    def take_turn(pattern)
      # It's your turn. Return a guess (string) which can either be a letter, word or whole phrase.
      # The current state of your pattern is passed in the format "s_rr__/r____s_s" 
      # The pattern is made up from: underscore = missing letter, forward slash = space, letter = correctly placed
    end

    # If your player needs supporting classes, you can nest them inside your player class.
    # This is to keep things simple for the player loader and also to avoid clashes between players.
    class MySupportingClass
      # ...
    end
  end

== Running the game

To run the game, open a terminal/command prompt and cd to the hangman folder. Then type the following:

  ruby app.rb

This will start up the game and load the valid players from the players folder. You can then select two players 
and start a new game. You can test your player as you develop it with the game runner. There are two sample players
already in the players folder for you to play against while developing your player.

== Guessing

When you return your guess from the +take_turn+ method, you can return a single character, a word or the whole phrase. If your guess is incorrect then you are one step closer to death!
If however, your guess is correct then it is inserted into your current pattern (replacing the underscores) which is passed into the +take_turn+ method next time round. Your guesses are isolated from 
your opponent. Here are some examples:

=== Single character guesses

  1. Given the phrase "toy/story"
  2. The pattern "___/_____" is passed into take_turn
  3. If take_turn returns the single character string "o"
  4. The next time take_turn is called, it is passed "_o_/__o__"
  5. If take_turn returns "z", the next call to take_turn is passed "_o_/__o__"

=== Word guesses

  1. Given the phrase "toy/story"
  2. The pattern "___/_____" is passed into take_turn
  3. If take_turn returns the word string "toy"
  4. The next time take_turn is called, it is passed "toy/_____"
  5. Notice that only the word is replaced, not all letters in that word that appear elsewhere.

=== Whole phrase guesses

  1. Given the phrase "toy/story"
  2. The pattern "___/_____" is passed into take_turn
  3. If take_turn returns the phrase string "toy/story"
  4. Then you will win the game (provided your opponent doesn't guess the whole phrase at the same time).

=== Invalid guesses

  1. Returning nil is an invalid guess
  2. Returning a non-string instance is an invalid guess
  3. Returning an empty string is an invalid guess

All invalid guesses will count as an incorrect guess and will add a section to your gallows.

== Sample Players

There are two sample players for you to play against and see how a very basic player works:

=== StupidDemoPlayer

This player will randomly select a letter from the alphabet and return it as it's guess. It will track it's guesses and will not guess the same letter twice in a game.

=== HumanDemoPlayer

This player has no AI, it just allows a human player to enter each guess for it.

== Rules

  1. Matches between players will be the best of 3 games.
  2. The number of words that make up the missing phrase will increase through the rounds.
  3. If your player throws an exception, you lose the game.
  4. You cannot try to gain or influence information held in the game runner app or other players.
  5. Matches will be 1v1. The winner is the one who finds the missing phrase first or the one that survives longer.
  6. Both players will be able to take the same number of turns, therefore no advantage is gained from going first.
  7. Draws are possible. In the event of 3 out of 3 draws we will continue into sudden death until one player wins (or we get bored, where we will split up the players).
  8. Each turn you must make a guess. Any invalid guess (nil, empty, non-string) will result in an incorrect guess.
  9. If the game runner crashes, then a rematch will be played.
  10. Your player must decide the guess to make (no human or other system interaction is allowed during the game).